Scrimba
https://scrimba.com/learn/portfolio

<link> tag - including normalize.css
1. HTML elements - needs to look same - independent of the browser
2. Each browsers apply styles even before your first style and render html elements in different way - inconsistency problem.
3. This conflict is addressed by Normalize.css or CSS Reset approach
4. Normalize.css - gentle solution
Normalize.css is an open source, continuously updated project on Github, created by Nicolas Gallagher.
    1. small css file that provides cross browser consistency in default styling of HTML elements.
    2. W3C standard - all the browsers will follow - if a browser doesnt follow - normalize will fix the faulty browser.
    3. Not all the time we can fix the faulty browser according to the standard- IE/ Edge will not comply with w3c - normalize will fix all other browsers to follow IE/ Edge.
    4. eg: Chrome Firefox and Safari will render h1 tag which is inside the <article>, <section>, <nav> and <aside> with small font size and different margin from the independent h1 tag.
    5. IE/ Edge are in the minority when applying these styles. You think normalize can fix the IE/ Edge, but these browsers doesnt have "any" selector to apply the change. 
    6. SO normalize will define the IE/ Edge styles to be applied to other browsers.
        font-size: 2em; margin: 0.67em for h1 tag inside the semantic elements.
5. CSS Reset - aggresive solution, Eric Meyer 
    1. We dont need the browsers default style at all. we will define the styles in the project according to our needs - CSS Reset will reset all of the styles that come with browser's user agent.
        all HTML tags to have no padding, no margin, no border, same font-size and same alignments.
    2. big chain of selectors, unnecessary overrides and unreadable when debugging.

class attribute for styling
id atrribute for anchoring

Digital Ocean Droplet
    1. Droplet is a virtual server for hosting our website and web-apps. 
    2. Create an account in the digital ocean and then create a droplet. You can put your files on to a droplet with an FTP.
    3. You will need FTP software - Filezilla, Cyberduck, Fetch(Mac only)
    4. Scrimba - uses Filezilla.
        Filezilla - Open SiteManager and create a new site (DO - portfolio) and provide details for:
            Protocol - SFTP - SSH File Transfer Protocol
            Host - (your ip address - got while creating a droplet)
            Port - 22 (for SFTP) or 80(for FTP)
